Multiarch-5290 download iPXE script file (#2620)
openshift/assisted-test-infra: README.md

| `SERVICE_NAME`                       | assisted-service target service name, default: assisted-service |
| `OPENSHIFT_VERSION`                  | The OCP version which will be supported by the deployed components. Should be in `x.y` format |
| `OPENSHIFT_INSTALL_RELEASE_IMAGE`    | The OCP release image reference which will be supported by the deployed components. For example - `quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:4.16.0-x86_64` |

> | `INSTALL_WORKING_DIR`                | The path to a working directory where files like iPXE scripts, boot artefacts, etc are strored. End with `/`. For example `/tmp/` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INSTALL_WORKING_DIR`                | The path to a working directory where files like iPXE scripts, boot artifacts, ... are stored. For example `/tmp` |
```

no need to end file path with `/` if paths are concatenated with `os.path.join`
